## Booking Complete

Your booking is now fully confirmed. Your itinerary and receipt can be seen and printed from this page.

## Booking Reference: QD41AF60

## Thank you for booking

Your booking reference with us is QD41AF60 .

Your reservation is confirmed.

Please print and carry your email confirmation with you.

## Hotel Details

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Holiday Villa Hotel &amp; Residence

Address:

Zone 25 Street 330 Ibn Abu Sulma Muntazah Signal P.o. Box 47601

Doha State Of Qatar, Doha, 47601

Check-in:

Oct 15, 2025

Check-out:

Oct 16, 2025 (1 night)

## Room Details

Superior Room Stopover, 2 guests, Room Only

Adult 1:

Mrs Naheed Sultana

Adult 2:

Mr Mohammed Taher Alam

Preferred check-in time:

17:00 - 18:00

Preferred check-out time:

05:00 - 06:00

Flight e-Ticket Number:

2123731428

Special Requests:

<!-- image -->

## Ramadan Disclaimer

Alcohol Service is prohibited during the holy month of Ramadan except Room Service (at Hotel discretion) at extra cost (not included in any All Inclusive package). Any all Inclusive package over that period will only include soft drinks.

## Hotel Costs

| Average price per room per night:   | QAR 103   |
|-------------------------------------|-----------|
| Total Cost is                       | QAR 103   |

## Contact Details

Name

Email Address

Bushra Fatima

bushrafatima0535@gmail.com

## Payments

| Payment Received   | QAR 103   |
|--------------------|-----------|
| Balance Remaining  | QAR 0     |

## Contact Us

With us, you always come first. We make it easy for you to reach a real person, any way you want. We'll also follow up quickly on any questions you have about our travel services or our travel website.

## For General Enquiries

Customer service: +974 4144 5150

dqinfo@qatarairways.com.qa

07:00 to midnight | 7 days a week

Subsequent alterations/amendments/cancellations to the current booking will be reviewed and applied only during office working hours. Working hours change during the Holy month of Ramadan. Please visit our website for operational timings.

Kindly refer to our Terms and Conditions to ensure that your request aligns with the permitted timeframe.

Discover Qatar - Customer Services